Graphics Gems III (IBM Version) : Ibm Version
by David Kirk (Author) 

 
Search inside this book  
List Price:   $67.95  
Price:   $67.95 & This item ships for FREE with Super Saver Shipping. See details.   
Availability: Usually ships within 24 hours
Only 3 left in stock--order soon (more on the way).


6 used & new from $45.00 

Edition: Hardcover 
Product Details 

Hardcover: 631 pages ; Dimensions (in inches): 1.43 x 9.54 x 7.85 
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann; Book and Disk edition (January 5, 1994) 
ISBN: 0124096735 | All Editions 

Average Customer Review:  Based on 2 reviews. Write a review. 

Amazon.com Sales Rank: 86,176 
(Publishers and authors: improve your sales) 
Editorial Reviews 

From Book News, Inc.
Like its predecessors, the third in the series offers a collection of practical techniques for the computer graphics programmer. The "gems" are accessible and useful in formulating clean, fast programs and provide a wide variety of approaches. All of the code from this volume as well as the first two are included on the accompanying disk. A number of images generated through these algorithms are included in a color insert. Annotation copyright Book News, Inc. Portland, Or. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title. 


Ingram
This third volume in the highly regarded series contains all new, innovative tools for the graphics programmer. These tools are immediately accessible and useful in writing elegant programs. Includes all the code from this as well as the preceding volumes on a disk in either IBM or Macintosh format. 


Back Cover Copy


"The GRAPHICS GEMS Series" was started in 1990 by Andrew Glassner. The vision and purpose of the Series was - and still is - to provide tips, techniques, and algorithms for graphics programmers. All of the gems are written by programmers who work in the field and are motivated by a common desire to share interesting ideas and tools with their colleagues. Each volume provides a new set of innovative solutions to a variety of programming problems. 


Book Description
This sequel to Graphics Gems (Academic Press, 1990), and Graphics Gems II (Academic Press, 1991) is a practical collection of computer graphics programming tools and techniques. Graphics Gems III contains a larger percentage of gems related to modeling and rendering, particularly lighting and shading. This new edition also covers image processing, numerical and programming techniques, modeling and transformations, 2D and 3D geometry and algorithms,ray tracing and radiosity, rendering, and more clever new tools and tricks for graphics programming. Volume III also includes a disk containing source codes for either the IBM or Mac versions featuring all code from Volumes I, II, and III.
Author David Kirk lends his expertise to the Graphics Gems series in Volume III with his far-reaching knowledge of modeling and rendering, specifically focusing on the areas of lighting and shading. Volume III includes a disk containing source codes for both the IBM and Mac versions featuring all code from volumes I, II, and III. Graphics Gems I, II, and III are sourcebooks of ideas for graphics programmers. They also serve as toolboxes full of useful tricks and techniques for novice programmers and graphics experts alike. Each volume reflects the personality and particular interests of its respective editor.

Key Features
* Includes a disk containing source codes for both the IBM and Mac versions featuring code from volumes I, II, and III
* Features all new graphics gems
* Explains techniques for making computer graphics implementations more efficient
* Emphasizes physically based modeling, rendering, radiosity, and ray tracing
* Presents techniques for making computer graphics implementations more efficient 



