Graphics Gems IV IBM
by Paul Heckbert (Author) 

 
Search inside this book  
List Price:   $73.95  
Price:   $73.95 & This item ships for FREE with Super Saver Shipping. See details.   
Availability: Usually ships within 24 hours


14 used & new from $50.00 

Edition: Hardcover 
Product Details 

Hardcover: 575 pages ; Dimensions (in inches): 1.38 x 9.62 x 7.72 
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann; Book and Disk edition (January 15, 1994) 
ISBN: 0123361559 | All Editions 

Average Customer Review:  Based on 3 reviews. Write a review. 

Amazon.com Sales Rank: 70,022 
(Publishers and authors: improve your sales) 
Editorial Reviews 

From Book News, Inc.
The newest volume in a series providing creative solutions to graphics problems contains a collection of gems that are immediately accessible and useful in formulating clean, fast, and elegant programs, gathered from over 50 contributors. The C programming language has been used for most of the program listings, although several have C++ implementations. Includes four pages of color plates. A disk containing all of the code from all four volumes is included. Annotation copyright Book News, Inc. Portland, Or. 


Ingram
Addressing the needs of sophisticated graphics users, this reference provides practical solutions for graphics problems, including coverage of such areas as rendering, color, ray tracing, and more, with all solutions written in C or C++++. (Advanced). 


Book Info
1994 AP Professional. Provides creative solutions to graphics problems. A cookbook for computer graphics programmers, a king of Numerical Recipes for graphics. Covers the IBM Version. 3.5 inch disk included. DLC: Computer graphics. 


Back Cover Copy



Graphics Gems IV is the newest volume in the Graphics Gems series. All of the books in the series contain practical solutions for graphics problems using the latest techniques in the field. The books in this series have become essential, time saving tools
for many programmers. Volume IV is a collection of carefully crafted gems which are all new and innovative. All of the gems are immediately accessible and useful in formulating clean, fast, and elegant programs. The C programming language has been used for most of the program listings, although several of the gems have C++ implementations. *IBM version Includes one 3 1/2" high-density disk. System Requirements: 286 or higher IBM PC compatible, DOS 4.0 or higher 


Book Description



Graphics Gems IV is the newest volume in the Graphics Gems series. All of the books in the series contain practical solutions for graphics problems using the latest techniques in the field. The books in this series have become essential, time saving tools
for many programmers. Volume IV is a collection of carefully crafted gems which are all new and innovative. All of the gems are immediately accessible and useful in formulating clean, fast, and elegant programs. The C programming language has been used for most of the program listings, although several of the gems have C++ implementations. *IBM version Includes one 3 1/2" high-density disk. System Requirements: 286 or higher IBM PC compatible, DOS 4.0 or higher 



